[OSDOCS#17136]: Changes as per CQA guidelines (#111163)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-gathering-sos-report.adoc

= Gathering data from an sos report

[role="_abstract"]

> You can create an `sos` report about a failing {op-system-full} host that you can share with Red{nbsp}Hat support for troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create an `sosreport` archive about a failing {op-system-full} host that you can share with Red{nbsp}Hat support for troubleshooting.
```
see https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.21/html/support/gathering-cluster-data#about-sosreport_gathering-cluster-data
